AUTHOR: Michael Bradley, Jr.

                                     +IHS+
                            Laudetur Jesus Christus!

                  Gloria Patri, et Filio, et Spiritui Sancto.
  Sicut erat in principio, et nunc, et semper, et in saecula saeculorum. Amen.

The true wisdom on which we ought to set our eyes is perfection, which consists
in union with God by love, according to the saying of the Apostle St. Paul:
"Above all I commend to you charity, which is the bond of perfection", and joins
and unites us with God.  -- Fr. Alphonsus Rodriguez, S.J. (cf. Colossians 3:14)

                                      +++

In loving hope that worship of God might become the very center of public life,
                 I dedicate all of my open source projects to:

Our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, the Man-God, to Blessed Mary Ever Virgin, the
Holy Mother of God, and to St. Joseph her most chaste spouse. I place them under
the patronage of the Holy Name and Holy Face of the Redeemer, and St. Isidore of
Seville, patron saint of the Internet. What merit they have before the heavenly
throne this author knows not, but I offer them back to Him who made the Pleiades
and Orion, for His greater glory and the salvation of souls.

"May the most holy, most sacred, most adorable, most incomprehensible, and
ineffable Name of God be always praised, blessed, loved, adored, and glorified
in heaven, on earth, and under the earth, by all the creatures of God, and by
the Sacred Heart of Our Lord Jesus Christ in the Most Holy Sacrament of the
Altar. Amen."  -- The Golden Arrow Prayer

                                    -------

        Consider daily how it is the Lord said He will judge the nations:

"I was hungry and you gave me food, I was thirsty and you gave me drink, I was a
stranger and you welcomed me, I was naked and you clothed me, I was sick and you
visited me, I was in prison and you came to me ... I say to you, as you did it
to one of the least of these my brethren, you did it to me."

          Then take to heart these words of encouragement and warning
        from the glorious Apostles Sts. Peter and Paul, John and James:

"Be sober, be watchful. Your adversary the devil prowls around like a roaring
lion, seeking some one to devour ... God desires all men to be saved and to come
to the knowledge of the truth ... for God is love. In this the love of God was
made manifest among us, that God sent his only Son into the world, so that we
might live through him ... [but] if any one says, 'I love God,' and hates his
brother, he is a liar; for he who does not love his brother whom he has seen,
cannot love God whom he has not seen. And this commandment we have from him,
that he who loves God should love his brother also ... If you really fulfill the
royal law, according to the scripture, 'You shall love your neighbor as
yourself,' you do well."

cf. Matthew 25:31-46; 1 Peter 5:8; 1 Timothy 2:4; 1 John 4:8-9,20-21; James 2:8

                             *** And Jesus said ***

"Enter by the narrow gate; for the gate is wide and the way is easy that leads
to destruction, and those who enter by it are many. For the gate is narrow and
the way is hard that leads to life, and those who find it are few ... I AM the
way, the truth, the life, the living bread which came down from heaven, the
light of the world; he who follows me will not walk in darkness ... I AM the
door, the good shepherd, the resurrection, the true vine, and my Father is the
vinedresser."

   cf. Matthew 7:13-14; John 14:6; 6:51; 8:12; 10:9,11; 11:25; 15:1; Mark 4:9

                    "He who has ears to hear, let him hear."

                                    -------

                 From the Holy Gospel according to St. Matthew
                                     5:1-12

               Seeing the crowds, Jesus went up on the mountain,
                and when he sat down his disciples came to him.

                And he opened his mouth and taught them, saying:

     "Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
           Blessed are those who mourn, for they shall be comforted.
            Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth.
           Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness,
                          for they shall be satisfied.
             Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy.
             Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God.
       Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called sons of God.
         Blessed are those who are persecuted for righteousness' sake,
                      for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
             Blessed are you when men revile you and persecute you
         and utter all kinds of evil against you falsely on my account.
            Rejoice and be glad, for your reward is great in heaven,
            for so men persecuted the prophets who were before you."

                                    -------

                   From the Holy Gospel According to St. Luke
                                    15:10-32

Jesus said to them: "I tell you, there is joy before the angels of God over one
sinner who repents. There was a man who had two sons; and the younger of them
said to his father, 'Father, give me the share of property that falls to me.'
And he divided his living between them. Not many days later, the younger son
gathered all he had and took his journey into a far country, and there he
squandered his property in loose living. And when he had spent everything, a
great famine arose in that country, and he began to be in want. So he went and
joined himself to one of the citizens of that country, who sent him into his
fields to feed swine. And he would gladly have fed on the pods that the swine
ate; and no one gave him anything. But when he came to himself he said, 'How
many of my father's hired servants have bread enough and to spare, but I perish
here with hunger! I will arise and go to my father, and I will say to him,
"Father, I have sinned against heaven and before you; I am no longer worthy to
be called your son; treat me as one of your hired servants."' And he arose and
came to his father. But while he was yet at a distance, his father saw him and
had compassion, and ran and embraced him and kissed him. And the son said to
him, 'Father, I have sinned against heaven and before you; I am no longer worthy
to be called your son.' But the father said to his servants, 'Bring quickly the
best robe, and put it on him; and put a ring on his hand, and shoes on his feet;
and bring the fatted calf and kill it, and let us eat and make merry; for this
my son was dead, and is alive again; he was lost, and is found.' And they began
to make merry. "Now his elder son was in the field; and as he came and drew near
to the house, he heard music and dancing. And he called one of the servants and
asked what this meant. And he said to him, 'Your brother has come, and your
father has killed the fatted calf, because he has received him safe and sound.'
But he was angry and refused to go in. His father came out and entreated him,
but he answered his father, 'Lo, these many years I have served you, and I never
disobeyed your command; yet you never gave me a kid, that I might make merry
with my friends. But when this son of yours came, who has devoured your living
with harlots, you killed for him the fatted calf!' And he said to him, 'Son, you
are always with me, and all that is mine is yours. It was fitting to make merry
and be glad, for this your brother was dead, and is alive; he was lost, and is
found.'" 
                                    -------

                 From the Holy Gospel according to St. Matthew
                                    18:21-35

Then Peter came up and said to him, "Lord, how often shall my brother sin
against me, and I forgive him? As many as seven times?" Jesus said to him, "I do
not say to you seven times, but seventy times seven. Therefore the kingdom of
heaven may be compared to a king who wished to settle accounts with his
servants. When he began the reckoning, one was brought to him who owed him ten
thousand talents [one talent was about 15 years' wages of a laborer]; and as he
could not pay, his lord ordered him to be sold, with his wife and children and
all that he had, and payment to be made. So the servant fell on his knees,
imploring him, 'Lord, have patience with me, and I will pay you everything.' And
out of pity for him the lord of that servant released him and forgave him the
debt. But that same servant, as he went out, came upon one of his fellow
servants who owed him a hundred denarii [one denarius was a day's wage for a
laborer]; and seizing him by the throat he said, 'Pay what you owe.' So his
fellow servant fell down and besought him, 'Have patience with me, and I will
pay you.' He refused and went and put him in prison till he should pay the debt.
When his fellow servants saw what had taken place, they were greatly distressed,
and they went and reported to their lord all that had taken place. Then his lord
summoned him and said to him, 'You wicked servant! I forgave you all that debt
because you besought me; and should not you have had mercy on your fellow
servant, as I had mercy on you?' And in anger his lord delivered him to the
jailers, till he should pay all his debt. So also my heavenly Father will do to
every one of you, if you do not forgive your brother from your heart."

                                    -------

            From the Letter of the Apostle St. Paul to the Galatians
                                    5:16-25

"But I say, walk by the Spirit, and do not gratify the desires of the flesh. For
the desires of the flesh are against the Spirit, and the desires of the Spirit
are against the flesh; for these are opposed to each other, to prevent you from
doing what you would. But if you are led by the Spirit you are not under the
law. Now the works of the flesh are plain: fornication, impurity,
licentiousness, idolatry, sorcery, enmity, strife, jealousy, anger, selfishness,
dissension, party spirit, envy, drunkenness, carousing, and the like. I warn
you, as I warned you before, that those who do such things shall not inherit the
kingdom of God. But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience,
kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, self-control; against such there
is no law. And those who belong to Christ Jesus have crucified the flesh with
its passions and desires. If we live by the Spirit, let us also walk by the
Spirit."
                                    -------

                     From the Book of the Prophet Jeremiah
                                    17:5-10

                              Thus says the LORD:
                      "Cursed is the man who trusts in man
                            and makes flesh his arm,
                     whose heart turns away from the LORD.
                       He is like a shrub in the desert,
                        and shall not see any good come.
            He shall dwell in the parched places of the wilderness,
                          in an uninhabited salt land.
                   Blessed is the man who trusts in the LORD,
                            whose trust is the LORD.
                      He is like a tree planted by water,
                    that sends out its roots by the stream,
                       and does not fear when heat comes,
                          for its leaves remain green,
                   and is not anxious in the year of drought,
                      for it does not cease to bear fruit.
                    The heart is deceitful above all things,
                            and desperately corrupt;
                             who can understand it?
                           I the LORD search the mind
                               and try the heart,
                  to give to every man according to his ways,
                     according to the fruit of his doings."

                                    -------

                   From the Holy Gospel According to St. Luke
                                    16:19-31

Jesus said to them: "There was a rich man, who was clothed in purple and fine
linen and who feasted sumptuously every day. And at his gate lay a poor man
named Lazarus, full of sores, who desired to be fed with what fell from the rich
man's table; moreover the dogs came and licked his sores. The poor man died and
was carried by the angels to Abraham's bosom. The rich man also died and was
buried; and in Hades, being in torment, he lifted up his eyes, and saw Abraham
far off and Lazarus in his bosom. And he called out, 'Father Abraham, have
mercy upon me, and send Lazarus to dip the end of his finger in water and cool
my tongue; for I am in anguish in this flame.' But Abraham said, 'Son, remember
that you in your lifetime received your good things, and Lazarus in like manner
evil things; but now he is comforted here, and you are in anguish. And besides
all this, between us and you a great chasm has been fixed, in order that those
who would pass from here to you may not be able, and none may cross from there
to us.' And he said, 'Then I beg you, father, to send him to my father's house, 
for I have five brothers, so that he may warn them, lest they also come into
this place of torment.' But Abraham said, 'They have Moses and the prophets; let
them hear them.' And he said, 'No, father Abraham; but if some one goes to them
from the dead, they will repent.' He said to him, 'If they do not hear Moses and
the prophets, neither will they be convinced if some one should rise from the
dead.'"
                                    -------

                 Fundamental Profession of the Christian Faith
                         Symbolum Constantinopolitanum

                             I believe in one God,
                              the Father almighty,
                           maker of heaven and earth,
                      of all things visible and invisible.

                         And in one Lord Jesus Christ,
                         the Only Begotten Son of God,
                      born of the Father before all ages.
                        God from God, Light from Light,
                            true God from true God,
              begotten, not made, consubstantial with the Father;
                       through him all things were made.
                        For us men and for our salvation
                           he came down from heaven,
            and by the Holy Spirit was incarnate of the Virgin Mary,
                                and became man.
              For our sake he was crucified under Pontius Pilate,
                       he suffered death and was buried,
                        and rose again on the third day
                       in accordance with the Scriptures.
                            He ascended into heaven
                 and is seated at the right hand of the Father.
                          He will come again in glory
                        to judge the living and the dead
                       and his kingdom will have no end.

              And in the Holy Spirit, the Lord, the giver of life,
                         who proceeds from the Father,
            who with the Father and the Son is adored and glorified,
                      who has spoken through the prophets.
                 And one, holy, catholic, and apostolic Church.
               I confess one baptism for the forgiveness of sins
               and I look forward to the resurrection of the dead
                    and the life of the world to come. Amen.

                                    -------

                         An oath against modern errors
                       excerpted from Sacrorum antistitum

I firmly embrace and accept each and every definition that has been set forth
and declared by the unerring teaching authority of the Catholic Church,
especially those principal truths which are directly opposed to the errors of
this day.

And first of all, I profess that God, the origin and end of all things, can be
known with certainty by the natural light of reason from the created world, that
is, from the visible works of creation, as a cause from its effects, and that,
therefore, his existence can also be demonstrated.

Secondly, I accept and acknowledge the external proofs of revelation, that is,
divine acts and especially miracles and prophecies as the surest signs of the
divine origin of the Christian religion and I hold that these same proofs are
well adapted to the understanding of all eras and all men, even of this time.

Thirdly, I believe with equally firm faith that the Church, the guardian and
teacher of the revealed word, was personally instituted by the real and
historical Christ when he lived among us, and that the Church was built upon
Peter, the prince of the apostolic hierarchy, and his successors for the
duration of time.

Fourthly, I sincerely hold that the doctrine of faith was handed down to us from
the apostles through the orthodox Fathers in exactly the same meaning and always
in the same purport. Therefore, I entirely reject the heretical
misrepresentation that dogmas evolve and change from one meaning to another
different from the one which the Church held previously. I also condemn every
error according to which, in place of the divine deposit which has been given to
the spouse of Christ to be carefully guarded by her, there is put a
philosophical figment or product of a human conscience that has gradually been
developed by human effort and will continue to develop indefinitely.

Fifthly, I hold with certainty and sincerely confess that faith is not a blind
sentiment of religion welling up from the depths of the subconscious under the
impulse of the heart and the motion of a will trained to morality; but faith is
a genuine assent of the intellect to truth received by hearing from an external
source. By this assent, because of the authority of the supremely truthful God,
I believe to be true that which has been revealed and attested to by a personal
God, our Creator and Lord.

              May God help me to keep this oath until death. Amen.

                                    -------

                   From the Holy Gospel according to St. John
                             19:17-18,25-37,40-42

So the Roman soldiers took Jesus, and he went out, bearing his own cross, to the
place called the place of a skull, which is called in Hebrew Golgotha. There
they crucified him, and with him two others, one on either side, and Jesus
between them. Pilate also wrote a title and put it on the cross; it read, "Jesus
of Nazareth, the King of the Jews" ...

Standing by the cross of Jesus were his mother, and his mother's sister, Mary
the wife of Clopas, and Mary Magdalene. When Jesus saw his mother, and the
disciple whom he loved standing near, he said to his mother, "Woman, behold,
your son!" Then he said to the disciple, "Behold, your mother!" And from that
hour the disciple took her to his own home. After this Jesus, knowing that all
was now finished, said (to fulfill the scripture), "I thirst." A bowl full of
vinegar stood there; so they put a sponge full of the vinegar on hyssop and held
it to his mouth. When Jesus had received the vinegar, he said, "It is finished";
and he bowed his head and gave up his spirit. Since it was the day of
Preparation, in order to prevent the bodies from remaining on the cross on the
sabbath (for that sabbath was a high day), the Jews asked Pilate that their legs
might be broken, and that they might be taken away. So the soldiers came and
broke the legs of the first, and of the other who had been crucified with him;
but when they came to Jesus and saw that he was already dead, they did not break
his legs. But one of the soldiers pierced his side with a spear, and at once
there came out blood and water. He who saw it has borne witness -- his testimony
is true, and he knows that he tells the truth -- that you also may believe.  For
these things took place that the scripture might be fulfilled, "Not a bone of
him shall be broken." And again another scripture says, "They shall look on him
whom they have pierced" ...

They took the body of Jesus, and bound it in linen cloths with the spices,
as is the burial custom of the Jews. Now in the place where he was crucified
there was a garden, and in the garden a new tomb where no one had ever been
laid. So because of the Jewish day of Preparation, as the tomb was close at
hand, they laid Jesus there.
                                  Mark 16:1-7

And when the sabbath was past, Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James,
and Salome, bought spices, so that they might go and anoint his body. And very
early on the first day of the week they went to the tomb when the sun had risen.
And they were saying to one another, "Who will roll away the stone for us from
the door of the tomb?" And looking up, they saw that the stone was rolled back;
-- it was very large. And entering the tomb, they saw a young man sitting on the
right side, dressed in a white robe; and they were amazed. And he said to them,
"Do not be amazed; you seek Jesus of Nazareth, who was crucified. He has risen,
he is not here; see the place where they laid him. But go, tell his disciples
and Peter that he is going before you to Galilee; there you will see him, as he
told you."
                                 John 20:19-23

On the evening of that day, the first day of the week, the doors being shut
where the disciples were, for fear of the Jews, Jesus came and stood among them
and said to them, "Peace be with you." When he had said this, he showed them his
hands and his side. Then the disciples were glad when they saw the Lord. Jesus
said to them again, "Peace be with you. As the Father has sent me, even so I
send you." And when he had said this, he breathed on them, and said to them,
"Receive the Holy Spirit. If you forgive the sins of any, they are forgiven; if
you retain the sins of any, they are retained."

                                Matthew 28:18-20

Jesus said to them, "All authority in heaven and on earth has been given to me.
Go therefore and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of
the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, teaching them to observe all
that I have commanded you; and lo, I am with you always, to the close of the
age."
                                 Luke 24:50-51

Then Jesus led them out as far as Bethany, and lifting up his hands he blessed
them. While he blessed them, he parted from them, and was carried up into
heaven. 
                                    -------

                               The Divine Praises

                                Blessed be God.
                           Blessed be His Holy Name.
                Blessed be Jesus Christ, true God and true man.
                         Blessed be the name of Jesus.
                       Blessed be His Most Sacred Heart.
                      Blessed be His Most Precious Blood.
           Blessed be Jesus in the Most Holy Sacrament of the Altar.
                   Blessed be the Holy Spirit, the Paraclete.
              Blessed be the great Mother of God, Mary most holy.
                 Blessed be her holy and Immaculate Conception.
                      Blessed be her glorious Assumption.
                Blessed be the name of Mary, Virgin and Mother.
                Blessed be Saint Joseph, her most chaste spouse.
                Blessed be God in His angels and in His Saints.

             May the heart of Jesus, in the Most Blessed Sacrament,
             be praised, adored, and loved with grateful affection,
             at every moment, in all the tabernacles of the world,
                         even to the end of time. Amen.

                                    -------

                   Prayers before logging onto the Internet:

                           Almighty and eternal God,
                          who created us in Thy image
        and bade us to seek after all that is good, true and beautiful,
           especially in the divine person of Thy Only-begotten Son,
                             our Lord Jesus Christ,
                         grant, we beseech Thee, that,
         through the intercession of Saint Isidore, Bishop and Doctor,
                    during our journeys through the Internet
    we will direct our hands and eyes only to that which is pleasing to Thee
     and treat with charity and patience all those souls whom we encounter.
                         Through Christ our Lord. Amen.

             St. Joseph, most chaste spouse of the Blessed Virgin,
                        pray for me and protect me today
                   from all the temptations of the evil one,
          especially those which are contrary to chastity and purity,
               temperance and diligence, obedience and humility.
          Help me to become and to be a mature wo/man in Christ Jesus;
          to be rid of all childishness, irresolution, and imprudence,
      and at the same time to possess that childlike trust and simplicity
         without which we cannot attain to the kingdom of heaven. Amen.

                         O Mary, conceived without sin,
                     pray for us who have recourse to thee!

                            O Jesus living in Mary,
                         come and live in Thy servants,
                         in the spirit of Thy holiness,
                         in the fullness of Thy might,
                          in the truth of Thy virtues, 
                         in the perfection of Thy ways
                       in the communion of Thy mysteries,
                   Subdue every hostile power in Thy spirit,
                       for the glory of the Father. Amen.

                                    -------

                Christ crucified is the wisdom and power of God.
                           cf. 1 Corinthians 1:23-24

                                     IC|XC
                                     -----
                                     NI|KA

                               And Jesus said to all:
                        "If any man would come after me,
        let him deny himself and take up his cross daily and follow me.
                 For whoever would save his life will lose it;
           and whoever loses his life for my sake, he will save it."
                                  Luke 9:23-24
